#   Copyright
#
#      Copyright (C) 2004-2009 Jari Aalto
#
#   License
#
#       This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
#       it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
#       the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
#       (at your option) any later version.
#
#       This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
#       but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
#       MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
#       GNU General Public License for more details.
#
#       You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
#       along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
#
#   Description
#
#	To learn what TOP LEVEL section to use in manual pages,
#	see POSIX/Susv standard and "tility Description Defaults" at
#	http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/utilities/xcu_chap01.html#tag_01_11
#
#	This is manual page in Perl POD format. Read more at
#	http://perldoc.perl.org/perlpod.html or run command:
#
#	    perldoc perlpod | less
#
#	To check the syntax:
#
#	    podchecker *.pod
#
#	Create manual page with command:
#
#	    pod2man PAGE.N.pod > PAGE.N

=pod

=head1 NAME

fcrackzipinfo - display zip information

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  fcrackzipinfo file [...]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

fcrackzipinfo is a program that displays various info from the file(s)
passed as arguments.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<--help>

Dispay usage.

=back

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

None.

=head1 FILES

None.

=head1 SEE ALSO

fcrackzip(1),
zip(1),
unzip(1)

=head1 AUTHORS

Program was written by Marc Lehmann <pcg@goof.com>.

This manual page was written by Francesco Donadon
<francesco.donadon@katamail.com>, for the Debian GNU system (but may
be used by others). Updated by Jari Aalto <jari.aalto@cante.net>.
Released under license GNU GPL version 2 or (at your option) any later
version. For more information about license, visit
<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>.

=cut
